[serverless] update pvtlink forwarder doc (#7529)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

Add `DD_URL: pvtlink.logs.datadoghq.com` in your [Datadog Lambda function][4] environment variable to use the private link when forwarding AWS Service Logs to Datadog.

> By default, the forwarder's API key will be stored in Secrets Manager. The secrets manager endpoint will need to be added to the VPC. You can follow the instructions [here for adding AWS services to a VPC][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the forwarder's API key is stored in Secrets Manager. The Secrets Manager endpoint needs to be added to the VPC. You can follow the instructions [here for adding AWS services to a VPC][5].
```

> When installing the forwarder via the CloudFormation template, enable 'DdUsePrivateLink' and set at least one Subnet Id and Security Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing the forwarder with the CloudFormation template, enable 'DdUsePrivateLink' and set at least one subnet ID and security group.
```
